README.md, before:

# Mastering Kafka Streams and ksqlDB
Code repository for the upcoming O'Reilly book: [Mastering Kafka Streams and ksqlDB][book] by Mitch Seymour

<a href="https://www.kafka-streams-book.com/"><img src="https://mcusercontent.com/987def4caf0bb040419d778f2/images/81c6be7f-c833-4e12-a893-22545aaf7304.jpg" width="300"></a>

[book]: https://www.kafka-streams-book.com/

# Available Editions and Versions
| Edition | Kafka Streams version | ksqlDB version | Publication Date | Branch |
| --------| --------------------- | ---------------| -----------------| -------|
| Early Release| 2.6.0 | 0.12.0| May 2020 | [early-release][early-release] |
| [1st Edition][amzn]| 2.7.0 | 0.14.0| February 2021 | [1st-edition][1st-edition] |

[amzn]: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1492062499/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=1492062499&linkCode=as2&tag=mitchseymour-20&linkId=28979f4bdca5bc57af5ed2f8962d4d12
[early-release]: https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/early-release
[1st-edition]: https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition

# Chapter Tutorials
  - [Chapter 1](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-01) - _A Rapid Introduction to Kafka_
  - [Chapter 2](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-02) - _Getting Started with Kafka Streams_
  - [Chapter 3](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-03) - _Stateless Processing (Sentiment Analysis of Cryptcurreny Tweets)_
  - [Chapter 4](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-04) - _Stateful Processing (Video game leaderboard)_
  - [Chapter 5](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-05) - _Windows and Time (Patient Monitoring / Infection detection application)_
  - [Chapter 6](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-06) - _Advanced State Management_
  - [Chapter 7](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-07) - _Processor API (Digital Twin / IoT application)_
  - [Chapter 8](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-08) - _Getting Started with ksqlDB_
  - [Chapter 9](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-09) - _Data Integration with ksqlDB and Kafka Connect_
  - [Chapter 10](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-10) - _Stream Processing Basics with ksqlDB (Netflix Change Tracking - Part I)_
  - [Chapter 11](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-11) - _Intermediate Stream Processing with ksqlDB (Netflix Change Tracking - Part II)_
  - [Chapter 12](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-12) - _The Road to Production_

# Why read this book?

- Kafka Streams and ksqlDB greatly simplify the process of building stream processing applications
- As an added benefit, they are also both extremely fun to use
- Kafka is the [fourth fastest growing tech skill][indeed] mentioned in job postings from 2014-2019. Sharpening your skills in this area has career benefits
- By learning Kafka Streams and ksqlDB, you will be well prepared for tackling a wide-range of business problems, including: streaming ETL, data enrichment, anomaly detection, data masking, data filtering, and more


[indeed]: https://www.techrepublic.com/article/the-20-fastest-rising-and-sharpest-declining-tech-skills-of-the-past-5-years/


# Support this book
- Star this repo
- Follow [@kafka_book][twitter] on Twitter (character limits... sigh)
- Provide feedback on the book and code by either:
  - [filling out a 6 question survey][survey], or
  - emailing author@kafka-streams-book.com
- Subscribe to an early preview of additional chapters from the website, [kafka-streams-book.com][website]
- Share the book, website, and/or code with your friends

[survey]: https://kafka-streams-book.typeform.com/to/TWuRwK
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/kafka_book
[website]: https://www.kafka-streams-book.com/

Commit message:

Updated README note about Confluent version 7.5.1

README.md, after:

# Mastering Kafka Streams and ksqlDB

Code repository for the upcoming O'Reilly book: [Mastering Kafka Streams and ksqlDB][book] by Mitch Seymour

<a href="https://www.kafka-streams-book.com/"><img src="https://mcusercontent.com/987def4caf0bb040419d778f2/images/81c6be7f-c833-4e12-a893-22545aaf7304.jpg" width="300"></a>

[book]: https://www.kafka-streams-book.com/

# Available Editions and Versions

As a learning process, this is a work in progress to make this code compatible with Confluent version 7.5.1

| Edition | Kafka Streams version | ksqlDB version | Publication Date | Branch |
| --------| --------------------- | ---------------| -----------------| -------|
| Early Release| 2.6.0 | 0.12.0| May 2020 | [early-release][early-release] |
| [1st Edition][amzn]| 2.7.0 | 0.14.0| February 2021 | [1st-edition][1st-edition] |

[amzn]: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1492062499/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=1492062499&linkCode=as2&tag=mitchseymour-20&linkId=28979f4bdca5bc57af5ed2f8962d4d12
[early-release]: https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/early-release
[1st-edition]: https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition

# Chapter Tutorials

- [Chapter 1](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-01) - _A Rapid Introduction to Kafka_
- [Chapter 2](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-02) - _Getting Started with Kafka Streams_
- [Chapter 3](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-03) - _Stateless Processing (Sentiment Analysis of Cryptcurreny Tweets)_
- [Chapter 4](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-04) - _Stateful Processing (Video game leaderboard)_
- [Chapter 5](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-05) - _Windows and Time (Patient Monitoring / Infection detection application)_
- [Chapter 6](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-06) - _Advanced State Management_
- [Chapter 7](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-07) - _Processor API (Digital Twin / IoT application)_
- [Chapter 8](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-08) - _Getting Started with ksqlDB_
- [Chapter 9](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-09) - _Data Integration with ksqlDB and Kafka Connect_
- [Chapter 10](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-10) - _Stream Processing Basics with ksqlDB (Netflix Change Tracking - Part I)_
- [Chapter 11](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-11) - _Intermediate Stream Processing with ksqlDB (Netflix Change Tracking - Part II)_
- [Chapter 12](https://github.com/mitch-seymour/mastering-kafka-streams-and-ksqldb/tree/1st-edition/chapter-12) - _The Road to Production_

# Why read this book?

- Kafka Streams and ksqlDB greatly simplify the process of building stream processing applications
- As an added benefit, they are also both extremely fun to use
- Kafka is the [fourth fastest growing tech skill][indeed] mentioned in job postings from 2014-2019. Sharpening your skills in this area has career benefits
- By learning Kafka Streams and ksqlDB, you will be well prepared for tackling a wide-range of business problems, including: streaming ETL, data enrichment, anomaly detection, data masking, data filtering, and more

[indeed]: https://www.techrepublic.com/article/the-20-fastest-rising-and-sharpest-declining-tech-skills-of-the-past-5-years/

# Support this book

- Star this repo
- Follow [@kafka_book][twitter] on Twitter (character limits... sigh)
- Provide feedback on the book and code by either:
  - [filling out a 6 question survey][survey], or
  - emailing <author@kafka-streams-book.com>
- Subscribe to an early preview of additional chapters from the website, [kafka-streams-book.com][website]
- Share the book, website, and/or code with your friends

[survey]: https://kafka-streams-book.typeform.com/to/TWuRwK
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/kafka_book
[website]: https://www.kafka-streams-book.com/
